Minor tweaks & en-us spellcheck (#45)
quantcdn/docs: docs/integrations/drupal.md

1. Download the Quant module either via composer (`composer require drupal/quantcdn`) or from [Drupal.org](https://drupal.org/project/quantcdn)
2. Install the module and visit the Configuration > Quant admin page (`/admin/config/quant`).
3. Ensure "track content changes" is enabled, and you have each entity enabled that should automatically push to Quant.

> 4. Set your Webserver URL to the local webserver loop-back address (e.g http://localhost), and provide your website domain as the HTTP Host header (e.g `www.example.com`)

Author: ```suggestion
4. Set your Webserver URL to the local webserver loopback address (e.g http://localhost), and provide your website domain as the HTTP Host header (e.g `www.example.com`)
```
```suggestion
4. Set your Webserver URL to the local webserver loop-back address (e.g http://localhost), and provide your website domain as the HTTP Host header (e.g `www.example.com`)
```
